Why don't you just go ahead and tell us what happened? All right. I guess he decided to clear his conscience or something, but he told me what he was in prison for, that he had, you know, was accused of raping an 11 year old girl and he got 25 to life for it. And I told him, that's enough. I don't want to hear anymore. I first punched him a couple of times. Still wouldn't shut up. Still kept telling me he wanted to explain that he didn't do it, that he was being set up and all this stuff. And I don't know. I just got mad and then hit him. And then I killed him. When I knocked, I hit him and knocked him out. And then I took the shoe laces out of his shoes, tied them together, wrapped it around his neck and strangled them. Then after I was done, I mean, I was I was aware of what I was doing, you know, And then I just put him on his bed and covered him up and climbed in my bed and went to sleep. I noticed, you know, we obviously we've been in your cell that it appears that all of your belongings you packed up. When did you do that? Right after I knew he was dead. Right after you do so. And the reason for doing that would be Because when you go to the hole, that's usually what the police do to back it up. And I figured that they're going to tear my shit up. So let me just do it myself. So what happened to the shoelaces? Left them down the toilet. Okay, now those laces came out of Ted's shoes. Mm hmm. Yeah. And then when you were done, you flushed it down the toilet. Why would you do that? Because I'm an idiot. I don't know. Just. I mean, obviously, I don't think. Right? I'm in prison for most of my life, so my thinking isn't really rational. I don't know. I just kind of thought that that was the appropriate thing to do at that time. Yeah. Yeah, I guess. I don't know. I just know. I know. Murder in somebody is not a good thing, but I mean, Jesus, man, if the things this guy did, he things he said he did, I wouldn't want someone like that on the street again. So I do what's necessary. I do what some people won't. I mean, you guys are cops. You arrest people all the time for stuff that you wish you could shoot them in the face. I know that I'm not stupid, you know? I mean, I understand there's there's crimes that shouldn't be committed. So, you know, I just have I don't know. I just don't have any empathy for people. So. So. So basically, what you did, you figure Ted got what he deserved. Ted got what he deserved. I believe that with all my heart. You know, I hit him a couple of times and I pulled the chair back and sat in the chair. And then he kind of got up posturing on me. You know, that's kind of like means, you know, he got up like, you know, So I was like, okay, you know? And then I caught him again. And when he went down, I was like, Yeah, sucks to be you. I just don't think. They're shooting somebody too personal. They're going to kill somebody. This will be personal about it, right? I think that's more personal. Yeah, I just I know it sounds kind of crazy, but if you have to go to that extent, I want it to be personal. I don't. I don't like violence. But if I have to go to that extent and I want it to be personal.